hi guys welcome to my channel it's
diamond daydreamer and as you guys can
see I'm not wearing any makeup today and
that is because I will be doing a first
impressions review of the best classmate
cosmetics radiant skin satin finish
foundation I actually got the time
nation for about thirty five percent off
the other day it normally retails for
about $42 and it can be bought at either
Sephora or the Becca cosmetics com store
it has about 20 shades which is a pretty
good chain range and the shade i have is
in mahogany so what i'll be doing today
is just putting on the makeup it's a
little bit earlier in the day and then
i'm going to wear the makeup all day and
i'm going to come back to you guys and
give you guys my love you my first
impression of how these this particular
product works so as you guys can see the
bottle is a tube which is a little bit
different than the average than the
average foundation usually they come in
say like a glass bottle or with a poem
so usually they come in a glass bottle
or pump foundations but this one is in a
tube and i'm just going to start putting
on the makeup for you guys so one thing
i forgot to say is that this particular
product holds 1.35 b ches i should say
si holds about 1.35 fluid ounces which
is a little bit more than your average
foundation so usually foundations come
in a glass bottle or a pump but this one
comes in a tube and so that's a little
bit weak i'm just going to start putting
on the foundation for you guys and
layering it on one thing i forgot to say
is that this tube has one point three
five fluid ounces your average
foundation typically holds about one
ounce one fluid ounce and so
is a little bit different I have a rare
right here and I'm just going to be
putting on the makeup one thing one
thing that maybe try this particular
foundation I had actually received a
sample with a couple different shades
and it seemed to be it says the website
says that it's supposed to be a medium
coverage foundation and so I was looking
for something that would have my shape
because sometimes when you're just
looking for foundations it can be hard
to find foundations for darker skin
tones and so it's not like okay maybe
there's a big one that would work and so
this particular color mahogany matched
me the best and so I bought it so the
product is supposed to be radiant skin
satin finish and so it's supposed to
kind of give a brightening effect but
still natural as you can see i'm not
using any primers or anything like that
just because i kind of want to get the
real true finish for the foundation i
don't want anything to really sway kind
of how well the foundation would work
because sometimes a good primer can you
know make your make your makeup left a
little bit longer than it probably would
have one thing I can say is that it kind
of has uh I don't know if it's because I
got a ship to me because I I got chick
to me because I bought it online
not the best now but it does have like a
I don't know like a product II smell
just I'm just going to keep doing this
on from what I can tell at first it does
it does actually build in what my skin
tone pretty well not too light not too
dark and it's definitely a little bit
less shiny at first hand than my Revlon
Colorstay foundational use a cappuccino
that's pretty much been my go-to
foundations the last couple months be
trying to get these new spots I'm not
sure if I would call it media but I'm
going to see how to build my coverage
and see if I can get medium coverage
it's see so I don't see any creasing so
far and it is feeling pretty lightweight
so you guys are just going to finish
putting on my makeup and then I'm going
to be wearing it all day and then I will
be back later tonight night with you
guys and tell you how how I feel about
the foundation so see you guys later
hi guys i am back so i have been wearing
the becca cosmetics radiant skin satin
finish foundation all day long I said
doing errands I went out to lunch I did
my videos and I have just come back from
my review for you guys so just one of
the first things while I was playing it
on I really noticed that it has just a
very light fetal and smooth texture with
the with the foundation it has just a
very when they say satin they really
means that it's very smooth and if you
can find that itself to take hear
anything it definitely has just a smooth
smooth finish now second thing is that
it definitely has a medium to light
coverage if you're looking for something
with saying maybe a more fuller coverage
because you want to cover just like more
more you know like imperfections on your
face then this might not be the
foundation for you it definitely is more
medium to light coverage you can build
it up some but it's definitely not going
to cover everything you probably have to
pair concealer with this one just to
make it work something like that also
it's I found that just with quality it's
pretty similar to the Urban Decay nearly
naked foundation if any of you guys are
familiar with that it also has a very
natural feel to it and it feels kind of
very similar I would say the only like
really big difference is that reberty
can make it haven't I believe about 12
13 shades and this one has about 20
shades and so if you like the urban
decay naked but they only have an exact
shade check this brand they just might
antal work very nicely that they
definitely are in the same price
and it definitely has a very similar
feel and then also just with um getting
oily and things like that in my t-zone I
did get a little bit but I feel like
that's just the general um a general
oiliness you would get I have a plot a
little bit but it was pretty minimal
shining um I I feel like whatever
foundation I use anyway I always end up
getting like a shiny forehead um I don't
know maybe it's just something that's
like a personal problem with before head
I don't know boom so I would say it
definitely has a pretty long wear when I
put it on a stay put I didn't have to
really reapply or touch up for anything
like that I didn't really add anything
to the makeup mostly was just mascara
did a little lip gloss and that I
quickens I just right under my eye and
that was it and the definitely stayed
all day it's about ten o'clock at night
and I put it on today probably at around
ten a.m. and so I definitely been
wearing it all day long I would
definitely give this foundation at a
plus two thumbs up all that fun stuff I
like it a lot the only thing is
girlfriend you know the price it is kind
of you know a pricier foundation because
it is a more high-end not drugstore
foundation and so I'm probably going to
be looking for other foundations that
probably Roy drugstore but sometimes and
it's at and I said earlier it can't be a
little hard to find fighting foundations
for darker skin tones if there's a
foundation that you would like me to
review um just you know comment down
below and I would love to you know
review it but definitely this one is a
good one and you know be sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe and I will see you
guys next time